drag and drop improvements (#4912)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/vector_properties.rst

#. The next step is to assign the relevant fields to each container,
   by simple drag and drop. Groups and tabs can also be moved in the same way.
#. At their creation time you can set properties of the containers

>    These, and other properties can be updated by selecting the item - QGIS displays a form in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   These, and other properties can be updated by selecting the item.
   QGIS will the display a form where you can:
```

>    which you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
